//todo:
(1) Playlist Player Fragment. (T.R)
(2) Finish playlist player logic.
(3) Playlist logic: (S.M)
    1. Create the Playlist class.
    2. Make Nearby the first playlist to appear given we have permissions.
    3. Load playlists and not categories.
(4) Connect wikipages in search and in playlists to wikipageActivity.
(5) How to display wikipages in search and the playlist recycler.
(6) Record Activity. (T.R)
(7) Upload recording file logic. (T.R)
(8) Debug old code


Known Bugs:
    (1) when you go Vertical im main screen -> Crash.
    (2) when you change categorise but stay with the same amount -> wont update.

Optional Amendments:
    (1) When fetching articles from the wiki server by category: can we set a maximum amount to
        receive? we don't want to display hundreds of articles.

Considerations:
    (1) When the user's location changes, should we update the Nearby playlist? maybe we should
        update it every x meters and not for each location change? once the user decided to
        play the nearby playlist, we should "lock" its wikipages.

    (2) When creating playlists out of selected categories, we:
         (a) GET a list of ALL (around 18k) of the spoken articles.
         (b) We loop (through ALL 18k) to search which are in the wanted category.
         (c) We only return their title, so afterwards we must post another GET request to fetch
             their data.
        This takes A LOT of time. We also don't actually need that many, a playlist shouldn't
        contain that many wikipages.

        I suggest 2 alternatives:
            (1) Location based: (generator=geosearch )
                (a) GET all wikipages nearby (if no location services, fixed place) within a fixed
                    radius.
                (b) Loop through all to search which are in the wanted category, the moment we
                    have around 10-12 pages, we break.
                (c) GET their data.
                (*) Use the text reading engine if necessary.

            (2) Category based: (generator=categorymembers)
                (a) GET all wikipages within that category (may get A LOT).
                (b) If location based:
                        Loop through all to search which are nearby, the moment we
                        have around 10-12 pages, we break.
                    ow:
                        Choose random 10-12 pages.
                (c) GET their data.
                (*) Use the text reading engine if necessary.


Questions:
    (1) Are we suggesting only spoken based categories at the categories activity?


// TODO BY CATEGORY:
RecordActivity:
    (1) TIPS dialog appear on first instance.
    (2) option for uploading when finished.
    (3)

MainActivity:
    (1) Navigation View:
        (a) LogIn
        (b) Old recordings
        (c) give Feedback
        (d)
        (e)
        (f)

    (2) Make a Fragment for showing WikiPages that is shared between MainActivity and search page
        activity.


Wikipedia Logic:
    (1) relative - function that lets you see next wiki page based on the page you are in now.
    (2) get wiki pages from list of wiki titles.
    (3) make url returned be one for mobile.
    (4)


Bugs known:
    (1) when you go Vertical im main screen -> Crash.
    (2) when you change categorise but stay with the same amount -> wont update.
